README.md, before:

# Disqus for Android

## Work in progress

This implementation of the Disqus API for Android is in the very early stages, basic authentication
with Disqus accounts is completed and some initial work on API methods and models. Feel free to
contribute if you're interested in this library.

## Authentication

### Using AuthorizeActivity

1. Use `AuthorizeUtils.createIntent` to create a new `Intent` with your application settings.

2. Start the activity with `startActivityForResult`.

3. Implement 'onActivityResult' to get the access token object:

        @Override
        protected void onActivityResult(int requestCode, int resultCode, Intent data) {
            if (resultCode == RESULT_OK) {
                // Auth completed, get the access token
                AccessToken accessToken = data.getParcelableExtra(AuthorizeActivity.EXTRA_ACCESS_TOKEN);
            } else {
                // Auth failed
            }

            super.onActivityResult(requestCode, resultCode, data);
        }

### Using AuthorizeFragment

1. Add the fragment to your activity via `AuthorizeFragment.newInstance`.

2. Your activity should implement the `AuthorizeFragment.AuthorizeListener` callback.

3. You may need to handle failures/cancellations within your activity, e.g. if back is pressed as
    currently the cancel button on the Disqus auth page doesn't seem to work.

### Google, Facebook, Twitter

Third party logins are not supported yet, I need to investigate this further and see if it's
possible to implement SSO or not. Should be added in the near future.

Commit message:

Add gradle info, bump version

README.md, after:

# Disqus for Android

## Important

This library is incomplete/in the early stages of development and is subject to change.

## Download

### Gradle

Add the following to your `build.gradle`:

    compile 'me.philio.disqus:disqus:0.0.1'

## Authentication

### Using AuthorizeActivity

1. Use `AuthorizeUtils.createIntent` to create a new `Intent` with your application settings.

2. Start the activity with `startActivityForResult`.

3. Implement 'onActivityResult' to get the access token object:

        @Override
        protected void onActivityResult(int requestCode, int resultCode, Intent data) {
            if (resultCode == RESULT_OK) {
                // Auth completed, get the access token
                AccessToken accessToken = data.getParcelableExtra(AuthorizeActivity.EXTRA_ACCESS_TOKEN);
            } else {
                // Auth failed
            }

            super.onActivityResult(requestCode, resultCode, data);
        }

### Using AuthorizeFragment

1. Add the fragment to your activity via `AuthorizeFragment.newInstance`.

2. Your activity should implement the `AuthorizeFragment.AuthorizeListener` callback.

3. You may need to handle failures/cancellations within your activity, e.g. if back is pressed as
    currently the cancel button on the Disqus auth page doesn't seem to work.

### Google, Facebook, Twitter

Third party logins are not supported yet, I need to investigate this further and see if it's
possible to implement SSO or not. Should be added in the near future.
